













Editing Logic Board Disconnection Intro - iFixit





















 














































































Skip to main content





 













 
























































Fix Your Stuff
Join the Community
Store









Help
















 



 



 



 



 




 



View


 



Options 





            Translation Dashboard               



            History               







Logic Board Disconnection









         Steps               

Save or
         Cancel

Saving...





1



2



3



4



5



6



7



8



9



10



11



12







 










         Create a New Device

         Make other people awesome by teaching them what you know. Device pages automatically display related information.      

Title



Summary



Cancel
Create It









Introduction


Details


Guide Steps










%device %thing Replacement
%device Disassembly
%device Teardown
How to %device

What type of guide is this?

Replacement
Disassembly
Teardown
Technique



We organize guides by the type of procedure they explain.
Replacement
Most guides. How to swap out a particular component.
Disassembly
Completely dismantle and remove every component. For repairs like water damage cleaning.
Teardown
A fun, educational disassembly to get a look inside; not intended to be followed for repair.
Technique
Tips, tricks, or shortcuts. Explain how to do something like use a tool or calibrate a part.




                     Device               












 



               Click here if you would like to create the category.            


What device are you working on? If other guides for this device already exist, be sure to use consistent spelling and capitalization.
This field is required.
Device contains invalid characters. The characters # < > [ ] | { } , + ? & / \ % : ; $ ^ * and tabs are not allowed.









Describe the specific part or component of this device you're working on. Ex: Battery



               Title               



Create a title.










3000

      Introduction         





Flags

 

                        Action Shots                        
 

Be an action hero! This guide needs images that better demonstrate how to perform specific actions.



 

                        Better Introduction                        
 

Improve this guide by completing or revising its introduction.



 

                        Bullets!                        
 

Better coordination with markups and the color/type of bullets will help make this guide more clear!



 

                        Confusing Text                        
 

Some of this guide's text is confusing, duplicated, or off-topic. Clarify it by editing!



 

                        Grammar Police                        
 

Embrace your inner English teacher and help improve this guide's grammar!



 

                        In Progress                        
 

This guide is a work in progress. Reload periodically to see the latest changes!



 

                        Inconsistent Images                        
 

Updating the images on this guide to be more consistent with the prerequisites would increase its awesomeness.



 

                        Incorrect Tools                        
 

Help make this guide better by using the correct tools in images and/or text.



 

                        Markup Mishap                        
 

This guide needs better markups. Help out by correcting or making some markup annotations.



 

                        Medical Equipment                        
 

Neither iFixit nor this repair guide is endorsed by or affiliated with the medical device manufacturer.



 

                        Mismatched Prerequisites                        
 

This guide does not have a proper prerequisite guide. Help match it to its ideal partner by finding it or writing one!



 

                        Missing Details                        
 

Some of this guide's details are missing. Help users by adding tools, difficulty, or time.



 

                        Missing Prerequisites                        
 

This guide is missing information on how to start the process. Make a prerequisite guide!



 

                        Missing Steps                        
 

Oops! This guide is currently missing one or more important steps.



 

                        Needs Better Images                        
 

Better photos will improve this guide. Help out by taking, editing, or uploading new ones!



 

                        Needs More Images                        
 

A few more images would make this guide's procedures crystal clear.



 

                        Needs Transcription                        
 

This guide is in video form only. Help make it more accessible by transcribing each action of the procedure into a separate step and adding photos.



 

                        Request Guide Deletion                        
 

This guide will be reviewed by admins for deletion.



 

                        Scenic Route                        
 

This guide's procedure isn't the most efficient way to get the job done, but still may be useful in some circumstances.



 

                        Slice and Dice                        
 

The steps in this guide should be split up and made into a series of prerequisite guides.



 

                        Step Trimmer                        
 

This guide has unnecessary steps. Trim them to be more concise!



 

                        Prerequisite Only                        
 

This guide is only intended to be used as a prerequisite for other guides. It's incomplete by itself.














Save




Preview Introduction





Editing Introduction

Guide Steps »


Your contributions are licensed under the open source Creative Commons license.



 

 
 

 



